Cleanup docs (#1591)
jupyter/docker-stacks: docs/maintaining/tasks.md

## Updating the Ubuntu Base Image

> Latest LTS Ubuntu docker image is used as the base image for `minimal-notebook`.

Reviewer: Hmmm??? The base image is used as a base image for the `minimal-notebook`, which in turn builds on the latest ubuntu long-term support (LTS) image.

Author: I rewrote this part, thank you.

> Latest LTS Ubuntu base image version is used as the base image for `minimal-notebook`.

Author: ```suggestion
Latest LTS Ubuntu docker image is used as the base image for `minimal-notebook`.
```

We rebuild our images automatically each week, which means they receive the updates quite frequently.

When there's a security fix in the Ubuntu base image, it's a good idea to manually trigger images rebuild [here](https://github.com/jupyter/docker-stacks/actions/workflows/docker.yml).
Pushing `Run Workflow` button will trigger this process.

## Adding a New Core Image to Docker Hub

> _Note: in general, we do not add new core images and ask contributors to either create a [recipe](../using/recipes.md) or [community stack](../using/stacks.md)_

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```{note}
In general, we do not add new core images and ask contributors to either create a [recipe](../using/recipes.md) or [community stack](../using/stacks.md).
```
````

## Updating the Ubuntu Base Image

> Latest LTS Ubuntu docker image is used as the base image for `minimal-notebook`.

Author: ```suggestion
`minimal-notebook` is based on the Latest LTS Ubuntu docker image.
Other images are directly or indirectly inherited from `minimal-notebook`.
```

## Updating the Ubuntu Base Image

`minimal-notebook` is based on the Latest LTS Ubuntu docker image.
Other images are directly or indirectly inherited from `minimal-notebook`.
We rebuild our images automatically each week, which means they receive the updates quite frequently.

> When there's a security fix in the Ubuntu base image, it's a good idea to manually trigger images rebuild [here](https://github.com/jupyter/docker-stacks/actions/workflows/docker.yml).

Reviewer 2: Adding more meaningful links' descriptions help with accessibility
```suggestion
When there's a security fix in the Ubuntu base image, it's a good idea to manually trigger images rebuild [from the GitHub actions workflow UI](https://github.com/jupyter/docker-stacks/actions/workflows/docker.yml).
```
